All right.
So we are going to close this section off with a little bit of a refactor.
This is something that we've been talking about doing for a while now, and it is organizing the components
within our components folder.
So if I open up my source directory and my components folder, we currently have seven components here
and there is no structure or organization to them.
Now I still think seven is a manageable number, but you can imagine if you hold all your components
in a single top level directory, pretty soon it's going to become difficult to understand which components
are related, right?
So it's not a good idea to have a components directory with 50 components, 100 components, etc..
And so what we can start with is to start organizing these components into subdirectories within the
components folder.
And there's many different discussions on the best way to do this.
What I'm typically going to do or what I typically favor is organizing the components by the feature
within the app.
So to start off, I'm going to create a subdirectory called Navigation and that folder is going to hold
any components that deal with navigation.
So we're going to move our main nav component, our sub nav component and our profile image component
into that navigation folder.
Now, you might argue that profile image is maybe a shared component that we're going to use elsewhere,
and maybe that is true.
But for now we're only using our profile image in our NAV, so I'm going to stick it within the navigation
folder.
So let's begin by creating a nested directory.
I can do that in this code by pressing this second button right here, and I'm going to call this folder
navigation.
And what I'm going to do is drag my main now that view component into here.
All right.
And you're going to notice that our Vitter extension is going to pop up.
So make sure you install this extension.
Extension.
We did this earlier in the course.
And what it's going to do for us is it's going to automatically update the imports.
So wherever we imported main NAV previously, it's now going to add the navigation directory before
that import.
So if I actually click this show preview button, we're going to see that we are importing main nav
in our app dot view file and in our main NAV that test, that gas file and previously we were importing
from component slash main nav view.
And now of course it's going to import from component slash navigation, slash main navigate view to
account for that new navigation folder, which is perfect.
That's a great thing that the extension is doing for us.
And of course, to confirm it from this refactor preview pane, we can click this check mark.
And that will simultaneously move the component and make those changes.
In fact, it looks like what it did for me is it opened up those two files so I can see the changes.
So here's an app dot view.
This looks good.
We are importing may now from components navigation main nav.
Sounds good.
So I'll save this file and close it.
And here is may now test that.
Yes.
And right here we are indeed importing it from components navigation may now.
Great.
So I'm going to save that and close this.
And I think moving forward for our other two component moves, I'm just going to click the okay button
and I think beta will automatically perform the changes instead of having us go through every file.
Okay, so I'm going to drag our sub navigate view component into our navigation folder as well.
There is our extension of beta making its noise again.
So I'm going to click.
Okay.
All right.
So it looks like it made those changes automatically.
And then I'm also going to drag the profile image view component into navigation as well.
And I'm going to press.
Okay.
So that completes the first part of our refactor.
As far as these three components, we're going to make some additional directories in upcoming lessons.
But there's one additional change that I'd like to make, and that is updating our tests folder to reflect
the changes that we just made.
So as you may recall, within tests unit components, we have component test files for each component.
In fact, I think we're missing some file tests or some test files for the for the job search form component
we created in this section.
Rest assured, we will add tests for it later.
But for now, what I'd like to do is create a directory structure within this components folder that's
going to be identical to what we have right here.
So in my tests unit components directory, I will create a new navigation folder.
And I'm going to drag the tests for the corresponding components into navigation.
So let's move our main navigate test that jazz file into navigation.
Let's move our sub nav test into navigation and let's move our profile image test into navigation.
Okay, so let me open up these files and just double check that everything looks good.
So I'm going to open up main nav and nothing should really change in here because we're still importing
Main now from its correct position because Veeder took care of those changes for us and same thing's
should apply to profile image that is doesn't look correct because profile image now lives in navigation
so let's make sure we import it from navigation right here.
That looks good.
And by the way, if we forgot one of these changes, don't worry, because we can always run our test
suite and our test suite will tell us that we're forgetting an import.
So right here, profile image in components navigation looks good.
And sub nav.
We do indeed need to make sure we are importing some nav from our from our navigation subfolder within
components that looks good.
And in May NAV for some reason it all already had that.
So I'm not sure why one updated the others didn't.
But for now this is good.
And let's just confirm everything is working fine by opening up our terminal and running our test suite
here.
So I'm going to run it once with NPM run test colon unit.
Let's see what happens here.
We shouldn't have to adjust anything on the just side because it automatically looks for any test files
within the test directory.
Even if we have nested directories, it goes down to any level of recursion.
So that shouldn't be a problem.
It should be able to find them.
However, our test files can be referencing imports from the wrong folder and it looks like we do have
one failure here.
So if I scroll up here, let's see what I'm checking here.
Cannot locate module components profile image dot view.
So something is going on in May now that test that yes, I'm guessing it could be that either the test
file is importing something wrong or the test follows rendering a component that is importing something
wrong.
So we will figure it out.
So let's start with main nav test.
We are importing may nav from components navigation may nav.
That is correct.
So let us then proceed proceed to the main nav view component.
And here is, I think where the problem is going to be.
Here we are importing those components from the original location and not the correct one.
So our profile image is now going to come from navigation slash profile image and our sub nav is also
going to come from components navigation sub nav dot view.
So let's save that.
And that is the beauty of tests is they can catch those kinds of failures for us.
Let's once again run our complete test suite.
Never hurts to run it and perfect.
So we have everything passing, which means all of our tests which are importing their respective components
are importing them successfully in order to test them.
So this has been a step in the right direction.
All right.
So that completes one nested folder.
We're going to make a few more in the upcoming lessons.